README.md, before:

# Welcome to your project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/REPLACE_WITH_PROJECT_ID) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)
<!-- changed readme -->

Commit message:

removed that yes that, removed unnecessary/unwanted commented out codes of my part, modified README.md file and added our name to it also lemme know if ordering of names needs to be changed and i am done :)

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Our project

## Project info

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application best one is:

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo to your GitHub (or local machine) and push changes to GitHub.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm install

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

If you liked our project do give it a star. 
If you think thre can be some changes in our file or needs some improvement do fork and give a pull request we will check your work and add to our main file if your work is good.

** Project Members: **
- [Harsimran Singh](https://github.com/harsimran151) <span style="color: #6a737d;">TL (Project Manager if terms of corporate word lol) </span>
- [Harsh Yadav](https://github.com/harshydv24)
- [Raushan](https://github.com/raushan8032)
- [Sangam](https://github.com/Sangamk27)
- [Rishabh Paudel](https://github.com/rishabh-24bcs10110) <span style="color: #6a737d;">Yeah thats me who did all the work and still kept my name at the end lol</span>
